also college graduation season is
wrapping up and a commencement ceremony
this is a big deal for the students and
their families and many schools as you
know book celebrity speakers I believe
Mark Zuckerberg gave a speech Hillary
Clinton they all gave commencement
addresses this year but not every school
can land an a-lister so as a service to
the those graduates of those schools we
put together we've been working very
hard on this we put together an
all-purpose All Star graduation speech
that is 100% guaranteed to position you
for success in life so pay attention
because I think you just might learn
something administrators faculty
brothers and sisters nerds jocks
douchebags sex offenders both registered
and unregistered and the class of 2017
look to the person on your left now look
to the person on your right one of you
will be dead by the end of my speech
it's time for you all to put down your
phones and pick up the next generation
of phones they have a much much better
camera don't forget the people that
brought you to this place I'm talking
about the uber drivers they're the real
heroes of today never give up
unless it's hard the world needs more
dreamers and it also needs more Quiznos
employees why does it take so long in
Quiznos
she's a sandwich 45 minutes is
ridiculous I'm reminded of an important
decision in my life when I was a
teenager I ran over a human-sized bump
in the road
my mother said just keep driving it was
a great lesson
I was in your shoes once and your
underwear
you should really lock your door 50
years from now when you look back on
your life you will ask yourself was I
famous enough did the paparazzi pay
enough attention to me or were they way
more interested in my wife do follow
your dreams unless your dreams are to
stalk and murder me good luck I'll kill
you first
don't compare yourselves to others
there's always going to be somebody
who's richer more successful
better-looking that person's me do not
claim to be lactose intolerant say what
you really are a milk racist there's
more than one way to skin a cat
and you should try all of them before
you die next time you're at a concert
wave your hands in the air like you just
do care about aids saying I need some me
time it's just another way of saying I
don't want any you time take a hint
Becky the great Winston Churchill once
said when a woman likes a candle it's to
set the mood when a man likes the candle
it's because he destroyed the bathroom
country if Abraham Lincoln were alive
today I'd be like well how is that part
you got shot in the head you shouldn't
even be here
d proposing it's nasty don't don't do
that get out here the great Maya Angelou
once said that beauty comes from within
but so does diarrhea never forget that I
don't have a college degree but I do
have a yacht yes where even education
who's the dummy now I'll be paid thirty
million for it on credit I don't even
have the money a great man my name of
Bazooka Joe once said to his father dad
have you ever seen a machine that can
tell if you're lying or destra seen one
I'm married one there are three rules in
life number one never quit rule number
two never trust a man in a trench coat
could be two little people stacked on
top of each other I learned that the
hard way and rule number three do
something bold let a horse ride you now
you guys get out of here
and go build me a real live sex robot
good luck we're going
back
hi I'm Julie Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die